# Index

- **2017-04-28**: Try the JNI but find out JNI is suitable for Java x NativeC co-develope scenario but not suitbale for our case (DLL library built independently). So I explore JNA (Java Native Access) project and found it relevant.

- **2017-05-02**: Ping the JNA with Maven Project Structure + Invoke DLL + DLL generated by C++ & G++ Compiler
- **2017-05-02**: The original code is using C#, maybe we can try to **ping the g++ compile C# as dll** possibility? 
- **2017-05-02**: Now reading the C++ tutorial, some retrofit will be made on the C# code if we stick to C++
- **2017-05-02**: The deadline is monday update
    
- **2017-05-04** Realized that JNA cannot invoke C# dll 
- **2017-05-04** Workaround to use Java Runtime.exec() method to call an independent Window Executatble/exe (use csc the c# compiler) throught Java
    
# Guide

## C++ Code Compilation Steps:

1. Compile cpp source code: `$ g++ -c heyDLL.cpp -Wno-write-strings` (the `-Wno-write-strings` argument is optional)

1. Link stage with DLL generation: `$ g++ -shared -o heyDLL.dll heyDLL.o` so that the heyDLL.dll can be used by JNA

## Build and Run Java Code

1. Build:   `$(project_home) mvn clean package`

1. Invoke:  `$(project_home) java -cp target/jna-demo_xxx.jar com.myles.demo.App` 

* note. The DLL should be proven with `$ file {dll_name}.dll` that its 32/64bit

* note. The DLL must be put at the directory where the JVM runs. If not, change the command to this `$(project_home) java -Djna.library.path={path_to_dll_folder} -cp target/jna-demo_xxx.jar com.myles.demo.App` 

* note. Run the JVM in cygwin-bash, if use git-bash, some system depenedency would be missed.


## Reminder

* Cannot use JNA to call C# dll becuase the nature is: *JNA -> C/C++ -> C#*
